mention the migration guide in the readme (#187)
dart-lang/web: README.md

}
```

## Migrating to package:web

> `package:web` is replacing `dart:html` and other web libraries as Dart's web
> interop solution long-term. For advice and techniques for migrating from using
> the `dart:html` APIs to `package:web, see our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`package:web` is replacing `dart:html` and other web libraries as Dart's 
long-term web interop solution. To learn how to migrate from `dart:html`
APIs to `package:web`, see our
```
